Lilliana Robinson: Recording.
Lilliana Robinson: I said, Thank you for going 1st for the second time today.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, yes, of course, always happy to.
Lilliana Robinson: So 2 things, one.
Lilliana Robinson: Akkadina used to work at plug and play.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know if you knew that.
Kevin Kaspar: Really. Well, you know, Dominique, really. Well, okay, cool. Yes, she's been awesome. And she's like, she's very, very excited about our software, and she's just trying to navigate like how to actually implement it. So yeah, we'd love to chat with her.
Lilliana Robinson: This was great, Andy, I'll let Neil give feedback first, st and then maybe, if one person wants to also give feedback from the group.
Kevin Kaspar: So. The only thing that keeps me up, in my opinion about this Annie is like
Kevin Kaspar: me, knowing that these types of groups are historically, also bad customers. Secondly, startups themselves. So do you have any backup plans for some reason. Yeah. So I think, we've gotten a lot of interest from Hr firms and from a medical community as well for collecting this data, because there's also regulations around that. So that's a really good thing to think that if you know, this just
Kevin Kaspar: doesn't work out that. Having that backup plan ready to go is is smart to do. Well, I would love for the room to give you feedback is when I already have a direct line.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, yeah. Cool.
Kevin Kaspar: Hey? Great presentation, as always. I just wanted to say each time, you present, and everyone can help. So she she's amazing. She's the 1st transgender woman to work in. DC, so
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know if that could be interesting for you. I'm just checking her profile now. She's still really actively involved in that. BC, she's just a really great person, so that could be
Kevin Kaspar: interesting. Yeah, that would be amazing. And I wonder if if they're already kind of involved in some of the legal stuff happening, or maybe because one other thing I mentioned the the venture out that's a group of Lgbtq Vcs, that's meeting this coming Monday. And so I'm Gonna actually ask the group for this. So she might even be a member of venture out.
Kevin Kaspar: Pbs.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. And
Kevin Kaspar: it's a new point. And
Kevin Kaspar: I may have asked before about private equity. But I know that there's a lot of the shops operating in California in this particular world.
Kevin Kaspar: from what I understand relates to this day, yeah, is that something that
Kevin Kaspar: within the screening criteria you would
Kevin Kaspar: expand and on? Or is that something you don't want? You want to keep it narrow? But yeah, if it's relevant for BC, it's also relevant for teams that got pretty big
Kevin Kaspar: portfolio companies. Yeah, well, the law, the law does include private equity funds. So that would be, I would definitely be interested talking to them. And then I guess a question for Neil would be.
Kevin Kaspar: even though I have this very specific screening criteria. Is it worth taking? 2, maybe a couple of jobs to be done interviews and going a little bit outside that just to see what to gauge what the market is in general, I think if you start here you'll very quickly find out whether there's something okay. After 2 or 3 interviews you'll have.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, cool. But yeah, I think a private equity does fall under this law. So if you, if you know anybody, I think that would be helpful.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I would have to be selling more money.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? Yes, a lot of living in Japan.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, that's a good start.
Kevin Kaspar: I think
Kevin Kaspar: they've got anywhere. They've they've got a VCR.
Kevin Kaspar: In the valley, Tom Hamilton.
Kevin Kaspar: But they've got
Kevin Kaspar: portfolio. Is that the knock on effect? A real estate fund, for example, is 20 us, that's the 4.4. So the just the scale of
Kevin Kaspar: if you get one of those customers that could be
Kevin Kaspar: wide and bound for you for the for the year. Okay, all right. Well, yeah, let's let's talk tomorrow about that. And I guess I don't want to take up too much time. But I did have one other question was that
Kevin Kaspar: you know, an end user customer. This is also the data customer. Because we're collecting all this demographic data do should I include like cause I know. Hi, for example, they just released a new demographic AI tool.
Kevin Kaspar: is that a separate sector, even though it's the same product, separate in the sense that, like the the reason that they're hiring is different. Right? Okay? So so
Kevin Kaspar: what's the name of the tool you mentioned 5. They're like A, they're a data annotation company, basically. And then in some ways they're a competitor. But they could use the demographic data. We have to improve their tools
Kevin Kaspar: like my research. Okay, let's do this first.st Alright. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So
Lilliana Robinson: if
Lilliana Robinson: seascape, opal and Collab could re upload as a Pdf, that would be super helpful. So I'm going to skip those 3 for now. Tutor me, you're up next.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me get yours.
Kevin Kaspar: Nelson. Hold?
Kevin Kaspar: Hello. Okay. Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: There we go. Can you guys see this.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: So Tutorme is looking for Ib students in international schools either in their second to last or last year of their Ib degree currently participate in high dosage tutoring, tried multiple tutoring products or open to trying different tutoring products.
Kevin Kaspar: Make use of multiple repositories, which is just database of information and resources. They share resources with friends and have become somewhat frustrated, stressed with studying on their own.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm curious in the room you have any clarifying questions about the screening criteria.
Kevin Kaspar: the seats.
Kevin Kaspar: I should have put numbers now that I'm looking at it like specifically, I guess how many hours of high dosage, tutoring number tutoring products. That's the 1st thing I thought of. But
Kevin Kaspar: here's secret.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, thank you is, how are you
Kevin Kaspar: going to assess if their prospect works best.
Kevin Kaspar: You cannot know that until you like.
Kevin Kaspar: Get contact and talk to them right
Kevin Kaspar: like. Why,
Kevin Kaspar: Tracking them down may be a bit
Kevin Kaspar: more of a hustle because you want now some parts of these
Kevin Kaspar: criteria until you talk to them, and
Kevin Kaspar: maybe you'll take you a lot more time to figure out who should talk to.
Kevin Kaspar: That's my
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, no, I think that's a good point. I yeah. I, personally wouldn't have known if they were frustrated with stress.
Kevin Kaspar: That was, yeah, that doesn't need to, I guess. Be there.
Kevin Kaspar: How many of these products were actually paid products?
Kevin Kaspar: There we go
Kevin Kaspar: right? That's what I was looking for. So the question I have is, what are they hiring?
Kevin Kaspar: Right? There's a lot of stuff you have here which is almost like throwing the kitchen sink of activity that a student could be up to. My big question to you is, what is the hire that we're facing this conversation on.
Kevin Kaspar: Let's gonna add to
Kevin Kaspar: what was the switch?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, that's which. Yeah. What were they using for
Kevin Kaspar: sex?
Kevin Kaspar: The hospital so struggle with that?
Kevin Kaspar: Consult that
Kevin Kaspar: some reasoning what they're switching from.
Kevin Kaspar: what they're using. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: it's such as.
Lilliana Robinson: I I can
Lilliana Robinson: is is this Nick or Kevin speaking? I can't see you.
Kevin Kaspar: This kevin.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin. So like like Neil said, there's there are a lot of things here
Lilliana Robinson: currently participate in high dosage tutoring. That's probably what you want. What is that like? Is it like Kuman, or like one of those like sat like prep things?
Lilliana Robinson: If it is like, pick something, or you can have a couple and say within the last, however many months they've purchased like, what is it? Is it like they've done it every month for 6 months, or did they like purchase a package? There you can go that specific.
Kevin Kaspar: What's the one tutoring product that you would benefit from learning the most about as a hire? Yeah, I think for us it's mainly just
Kevin Kaspar: in person tutoring, and I think the Turing product itself varies by the region the students where our students are using our product from. So I think the closest anchor for us is in person tutoring because it's like a tutoring center, so many different situations that can be sub from hiring in person. Tutor.
Kevin Kaspar: So is it all any and all use cases of an inverse computer. I doubt it.
Kevin Kaspar: Who's in the best position where you can learn the most as your initial audience for 2 among the in person.
Kevin Kaspar: That's my question.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. I mean, because it feels like what we're doing is we're top down in our analysis. We're we're targeting a category. We have a geography. There's people using our product based on that person tutors based on that. We'll talk to them. And then, based on that, we'll get more specific. I'm like, what about the other? What about the inverse
Kevin Kaspar: right? Who is the ideal customer for you? What are they struggling with when they see? Tutor me? They're like, Oh, my God! This the answer to all of my prayers
Kevin Kaspar: like, I'm ready to sign up. Who is in that position?
Kevin Kaspar: I think it's the one who are like the most intensely focused on academia. And how do we know that they're in this?
Kevin Kaspar: I'll think about that. Okay, yeah, go ahead. Just an observation. So without chat and learning more about what you're building and
Kevin Kaspar: what about like going 1st after the parents. Would they be the 1? 0, it says, maybe if I was reading the screen apologies.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, we see you guys as engagement. But I want everybody in this room to understand the same logic. Right? So it's it's the top down piece, and the throwing, like all of the attributes and aspect of them can be a lot. And like the beauty of this is
Kevin Kaspar: like when you say, have tried multiple tutoring products or are open to trying different tutoring products. Think about how many people fit that criteria. That's not narrow. Okay, so just keep thinking about that. But we move on to the next year after.
Lilliana Robinson: The timer rang so that was 4 min. So I don't know if you just want to really quickly highlight these things, and then we can take like one question, and we have to move on. But let's keep talking about this. Guys like, send us a new one, and we can review it.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah, current challenges. Right? Now, we post on Google form with the screening criteria that we just had trying to quantify how many resources people use, how much they pay for tutoring. You know we
Kevin Kaspar: try to find the best candidate we receive about 180 responses in a day which is
Kevin Kaspar: good. But we found that most of the responses have been either just spam or Bs because we put it's selected and you'll get $25 on the card. And we picked out a lot of
Kevin Kaspar: these kids saw that. And it's put it in forms. So we're trying to figure out how to do that.
Kevin Kaspar: We also have a disproportional amount of North America forms which we're trying to gauge more. We're just trying to survey more students from Asia, Africa, Europe. I don't think you're going to find the right interviewees by posting a survey in Reddit. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: with the intention finding that. Okay? So don't don't both send out a filter. Just go with them.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm part of a lot of Facebook parent groups. There's a huge French expat community here, and maybe that's not the exact criteria. But we could post something there even to get the parents that we're looking for.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I think that'll be good.
Kevin Kaspar: So what one sort of good news? We spoke with you in the program. My parents are really huge English
Kevin Kaspar: teachers, and they they have a huge network of teachers. So I think after the retreat, I'll have you guys connected with at least one student.
Kevin Kaspar: And in connection to that up in the previous section I've I've literally sent them the criteria in real time. And one of the things that they've asked is, why are they going for international schools, students, and the parents because they usually in Turkey.
Kevin Kaspar: that the students who are going through Iv. That are not in international students are the people who are the most in need, because they need to get additional tutoring to, you know. Get up to speed with all of the rest of the Iv people. So there might be some, you know, nuance that you guys can, you know, revise over there? Because, like in my experience, and you know, in their experience as well
Kevin Kaspar: that the students were not going through these high end. International schools have a lot of extra tutoring, so there might be some mismatch of it
Kevin Kaspar: we are.
Kevin Kaspar: This is first, st before I take questions.
Lilliana Robinson: We're at time. So we have. We do have to move on. But we'll continue the conversation.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, really nice thing! That's the other.
Lilliana Robinson: Also tutor me. That was great. There's really there's this is just a checkpoint. So there's no like, right or wrong, you're just here for feedback. So that was that was great. Thank you for sharing that, and I think we'll be able to help you pinpoint it. Opal is next.
Kevin Kaspar: You can just go to the next slide intro. So I I got 2 done the past week. This is the initial criteria. I broke down the bullet points. I was looking mostly for C-suites kind of early to mid stage biotech pharma. So
Kevin Kaspar: chief medical officers, chief scientific officers, even the CEO. I would even take like a lead scientist or someone up top that would make scientific decisions for a company with a focus in women's somewhere. They they have to have that and that they've hired a contract research organization. These are called Cros. It's just a fancy word for a lab essentially that does work for you externally. I didn't want them to be using animal models. I'm not doing animal models
Kevin Kaspar: model. So I didn't.
Kevin Kaspar: It's not really relevant to me as much and alternatively, maybe they met with Cro. But decided, Hey, no, we're gonna do that work in our lab, anyway, and I want to know why. So these are the the 2 candidates that I interviewed first.st was the CEO of your choice therapeutics. It's a male contraceptive. I know it's not technically women's health. I'm gonna say it is.
Kevin Kaspar: and he gave some great advice. I'll talk on the next slide. The bad part about this was, I didn't realize that the Crs he's worked with. His project was more established. So he had done a lot more animal model work. So not the best. The second woman I spoke to. I chose her actually, because she offered me some money, and she works with a lot of women's startups and specifically is interested in menstrual effluence for moving
Kevin Kaspar: women's health companies along which I am as well. But she doesn't quite meet the initial criteria I have. She's not a CEO. She's a contract worker. She's kind of like a temp worker, but she helps manage scientific strategies. So just something to keep in mind, and a big thank you to Chloe for taking notes. I know there's a lot of scientific jargon in these talks.
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: this is the key takeaways
Kevin Kaspar: from Akash, the your choice therapeutics, male contraceptive. One of the big quotes for me was he? He had 2 cros he had hired, and one of the 1st cro. He said he wanted it to be the Gucci of Cros, mostly because he was an early founder, and he wanted to make sure that Cro like represented him well to investors. So the the label, the brand, the Cro. He wanted to make sure all the investors thought that science was legit.
Kevin Kaspar: And I just like that. Quote that that brand really matter later on. He's kind of become a more established founder. He feels better. It actually didn't matter as much the name of the Cro. He became interested in cheaper alternatives, so he didn't go with the more expensive. He was looking for something that would just fit his bottom line.
Kevin Kaspar: For the the second person. I've had a relationship with her for about 3 months. We kind of just nerd out together talking about science, talking about what menstrual blood could be used for. I was not pitching her as a potential client, and she actually reached out to me. So that was, you know, good feedback, that getting these business relationships started early is very important.
Kevin Kaspar: the final thing I'll mention is both talked about FDA regulations. So the Food and drug Administration they did not like it. They don't like government bureaucracy. They don't like dealing with them that much. So just something to keep in mind. I'll keep a lookout if more people mentioned the FDA, and then the final slide is why, I didn't go to your dinner last night. It was I was hosting another dinner hopefully. Get more of these job to be done, interviews scheduled and meet more potential clients. This is 20 women founders and investors in the biotech
Kevin Kaspar: space we got together last night in San Francisco. So I have so many leads from this dinner. It's amazing. So.
Kevin Kaspar: huh! It was so much fun. I am tired. These these women partied hard today. But it was a really great event, and I met a lot of people are in primary. But also I met their secondary network, or you know, 3rd person out. So it it was amazing.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: Leon, you have thoughts.
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan and I talked on Boxers. So we kind of already talked about the second column. Morgan, did you decide if you're going to go and change your screen to go into it where you're sensing energy. Here.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, thank you. And Neil for giving me advice. I wasn't sure if I should keep following this, or just a 1 off. I don't think I'm gonna go down the academic route that that money can be very slow. I I've applied for that money. So I think a more near term goal will be pharma companies. So I'll keep building these relationships and everything, you know. Maybe I'll add, if I can find another one or 2 to use for the jobs be done interviews, but I don't think I will go after them as my initial customer base.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, I'll end it there.
Lilliana Robinson: There. There wasn't any feedback in the room.
Kevin Kaspar: And that's like great inspiration as a way for like lead, Gen as well, and finding new community so really big. Welcome to you, Christina.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I think you're good.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm excited to see what else you find and uncover Morgan. Next is health blocks.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys are so nice
Lilliana Robinson: clapping before and after you guys are still kind to each other.
Lilliana Robinson: it's that.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: If we are.
Kevin Kaspar: And I
Kevin Kaspar: good. This summarizes our status right now. We haven't had a lot of time to focus on the interview so far.
Kevin Kaspar: But we have scheduled a few. Go to the next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: A screening criteria is very industry, specific kind of like organ in that sense. But we've tried to distill it now to
Kevin Kaspar: hires or consultants.
Kevin Kaspar: and any off the shelf Sas solutions which are limited, but they do exist
Kevin Kaspar: generally catered to
Kevin Kaspar: more mature healthcare companies. So
Kevin Kaspar: you put it out into the wild. But he knows anybody that fits into this criterion. It'd be really great. What's an example of the off the shelf. Sas.
Kevin Kaspar: so there are companies like this company called Redox Health, which
Kevin Kaspar: apparently just does interoperability. One of our pilot clients was previously going to go with them, but the cost was too prohibitive. In 1st place, they've been around for like 12 years, so they were the 1st to adopt the Hr integration model?
Kevin Kaspar: Would it be like helpful to only focus on the people who hired that recently?
Kevin Kaspar: Would that not be as helpful.
Kevin Kaspar: narrow anything.
Kevin Kaspar: The the difficulty there would be that these companies are so big that they can afford something like that, that even if I wanted to convert them. It's next to impossible. Like, there's a deep entrenchment, especially in healthcare.
Kevin Kaspar: like generic low-code software providers as well for healthcare, specific
Kevin Kaspar: healthcare. Specifically like no code. Local software generally falls into a pitfall of regulatory things like the way data sharing works like something like Zapier like just can't recycle it for healthcare. Because of the way the data flows through it like there's a lot of pii that passes through so.
Kevin Kaspar: But those platforms can't really easily
Kevin Kaspar: a health care offering.
Kevin Kaspar: But yeah, if anybody has any leads on this one, it'd be really nice.
Kevin Kaspar: Why don't we? And you know, we asked this same question in our thing as well. Why won't we, include people who are looking for engineers to work on their product internally?
Kevin Kaspar: Because you know the option you have. If you need something to be done in the tech spaces A, you hire someone else to do it for you without managing it. B. You hire an off the shelf sauce which you also covered here again, or D or C, you just go out and build a technology team. Or maybe you already have a technology team which probably some of these companies do have. And if they're looking, actually, if they're looking for
Kevin Kaspar: tech people or developers right now, and this is, you know, easily filterable. And Linkedin. You can easily go to them and ask, what are you trying to accomplish by this specific hire, and then go about it on that. Maybe like, I've thought about it. But the problem there is it basically makes the base a little broader instead of narrowing it down.
Kevin Kaspar: So the idea that I want to
Kevin Kaspar: view here is that they're already trying to outsource this. So if the problem exists internally, and they're trying to solve it themselves, then it's less likely that they would be willing to look for externalized solutions. But if they're already looking for external solutions.
Kevin Kaspar: then we have a chance to have a veg inside.
Kevin Kaspar: I I like I wanted to narrow it down further, like there were so many other criterias that made it more broad, so I wanted to keep it
Kevin Kaspar: little bit more narrow.
Lilliana Robinson: You can go ahead and finish your presentation. Then we'll give more feedback.
Kevin Kaspar: Sure next one, like just the statistics like schedule. 3 interviews. We have 4 in the pipeline. I've called 4 people that we've reached out to semi warm outreach. There are like second degree connections, but I did not want to pull in favors just to get in touch for an interview with them. So I've dropped them like forward emails. But I do have people in my network that can connect me to them. But I'd rather pitch them as a sales prospect directly using that lead.
Kevin Kaspar: I've included a margin of incorrectness, because I'm pretty sure I'm going to be nailing down
Kevin Kaspar: some people that don't fit in the Criterion. And I talk about it next in the next slide like, it's just a challenge that we're having, that we have a broad offering, so it's slightly difficult to resist casting a wider net. Although we are supposedly catering to ehrs a lot of the tools that we've already built out can also serve early stage medical devices. But
Kevin Kaspar: we've already run into this problem where one of such devices, just like went under themselves.
Kevin Kaspar: So one of our interviews is in B. It says medical device again, but they have a very nice energy to contract us, so I don't want to miss out on that and then the second slide is like, how do we balance decision makers with champions again? Something that we learned
Kevin Kaspar: that
Kevin Kaspar: like decision makers or Ceos founders like people that are in more result driven capacity, while champions tend to be that see the benefit of the solution directly like that that improves their life day to day. One thing which we've encountered, especially in healthcare, is that a lot of the manual work that happens in the industry is outsourced.
Kevin Kaspar: So from a dollar perspective, people think that the benefit that they get is not sufficient enough.
Kevin Kaspar: but in terms of the employees that actually manage such off offshore clearing houses, etc. They feel the pain for it.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah. Still trying to figure out like, what's the right blend of people to pursue in this situation.
Kevin Kaspar: And then again, like I said, the Semi warm leads for that reason, and the other one is like project, like our product positioning concierge versus a tech platform.
Kevin Kaspar: it's very easy to say yes to a lot of things like a bias of like. We can do a lot of stuff. But somebody tells this is a challenge that we face.
Kevin Kaspar: but it's very diff like then essentially would tend towards a service model which we don't want to get into. But
Kevin Kaspar: like, I said, there's a lot of temptation that comes with it.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll talk about in the next slide in the assumptions that we want to test for that reason
Kevin Kaspar: the the last one I'll just go from that point into this one like, figure out what's the most like? What's the key factor when deciding on the vendor? Because we don't want to replace ourselves as like a service company that's replaced by a service company. So we want to figure out that what is the key driver for them that makes them decide which platform. They want to go with
Kevin Kaspar: then again, like I said, the temptation for the medical device thesis we do want to test how big that market size opportunity is, and it would be driven by how much excitement we can get from other such companies. So I've also reached out to a couple of like larger scale companies that are entrenched.
Kevin Kaspar: But I know the product offering sucks because it used to compete with our previous company. So I've just basically said, by the way, I was a competitor first, st if you're interested like, we can talk about how to make your product better.
Kevin Kaspar: So any feedback from this room. That would be the most helpful for you.
Kevin Kaspar: One thing which again like how to narrow down the problem statement further, like, so one thing which I'm struggling with is indeed like a lot of health companies do wound up, wind up in this situation, where they tend to
Kevin Kaspar: become service companies as as a product of being brought to
Kevin Kaspar: what I would really like to do is focus more on the tech. But make sure that we do have enough people paying us for it. So one thing which I do want to figure out is like, How do you
Kevin Kaspar: test client appetite about what they want like, would they want an answer to the problem which jobs to be done tells us to do but to build the business sustainably? We want to find people that were going to give us a space to actually also invest in the technology aspect of it like, how do you make it scalable? How do you make it something that they can
Kevin Kaspar: benefit from in terms of, I would say, Speed, that's what I want to say. How would you? How would you find people that are more excited for how fast we can deliver it rather than we can solve the problem.
Kevin Kaspar: Don't
Kevin Kaspar: open to ideas like this. There's a lot of assumptions. That's why I said, like the learnings. I put it as none. So far, there's a lot of assumptions about the field next fall of work.
Kevin Kaspar: I I'm sorry. I'm just a little confused like that. Who we were, Amy, I know you're talking about the broad spectrum. So are you talking about hospitals, or like a service provider to a hospital, or just like any person or company in the medical field.
Kevin Kaspar: a service provided to us, so providing services to practices. And
Kevin Kaspar: so any company which provides services through practices or providers that
Kevin Kaspar: so like, just to give you an example like it could be diagnostic centers. It would be medical device manufacturers that have a mature device in the market, and they want better way of servicing.
Kevin Kaspar: Why wouldn't you go directly to the like
Kevin Kaspar: to the health care like, why are you working with the middle man and not the the end result?
Kevin Kaspar: They just don't benefit from it as much like. So typically a lot of the drivers are related to stickiness.
Kevin Kaspar: That's what we have like. Couple of interviews that I haven't included is like a couple of pre interviews that we've done. They talked about how they're more interested in stickiness
Kevin Kaspar: rather than the efficiency aspect of having like a good deal.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's what appeals to them. And that's what they're already paying. So a couple of our paying customers are paying for that.
Kevin Kaspar: So but that's what I wanted to see that there is energy there. So I wanted to talk about.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. I think we'll need to stop there because we're out of time. I think you need it. I think that we should open a vox channel with you, me and we'll keep brainstorming here.
Lilliana Robinson: That's good.
Kevin Kaspar: Thanks.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Next.
Lilliana Robinson: while I'm in this other room, Dave actually is at a demo day
Lilliana Robinson: for his other accelerator that he just finished. So he sent us this 3 min video that I'm going to play
Lilliana Robinson: right now.
Kevin Kaspar: Double seconds.
Lilliana Robinson: What is.
Kevin Kaspar: Pardon me
Kevin Kaspar: also, while we're doing.
Kevin Kaspar: Is there any chance that we could, you know, down the A/C. Here.
Lilliana Robinson: Wait. Is it hot, or is it cold?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, here.
Kevin Kaspar: It's just.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me hear this.
Kevin Kaspar: Supposed to be
Kevin Kaspar: okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Everybody ready!
Kevin Kaspar: That's true.
Kevin Kaspar: What is up everyone. This is Dave Scott. How are you? Unfortunately, I am in Los Angeles today. So doing a a demo day for another accelerator I just got finished with. So they asked me to record this. So I can give you guys my early observations to the jobs to be done. So 1st and foremost, the the call to action was evil. Genius. Games is looking to interview current players of the everyday heroes system
Kevin Kaspar: who have purchased the core rule book and have played in an active campaign. And I gave away a free T-shirt for anyone who signed up. We had 36 people sign up. I've done about 6 interviews so far, and everything's been good. They've lasted it between 45 min to an hour.
Kevin Kaspar: And they've been really, really fun to chat with the customers. And it's it's neat to see how passionate everyone is
Kevin Kaspar: about the game itself.
Kevin Kaspar: Couple insights that I pulled together below.
Kevin Kaspar: I've highlighted the 2 to 3 that I think are the most interesting. And so first, st there are 4 inflection points in a buying decision. The 1st is when they were 1st introduced to Ttrpgs, second is when they learned 1st about everyday heroes.
Kevin Kaspar: The 3rd is when they 1st decided to buy the game, and then the the 4th is when they 1st decided to play the game.
Kevin Kaspar: And so a couple of really interesting insights. One is,
Kevin Kaspar: this game is really community oriented. And so what we found is is that this, that joining a game was a way for people to make friends, and a lot of people made a lifetime worth of friends. When when they started playing, when they were between 9 and 11 years old. So it's interesting on how oriented this is to their lifestyle, to their community, to their circle of friends.
Kevin Kaspar: The second observation is that? They? They were actually looking for a problem. They were looking for a game that that was in the modern day genre, which is where we fit, we actually fill a hole in the industry. And so they were looking for, actually, actively looking for a game that we fill a hole for. So this is sort of the the painkiller pain point issue. Which is that?
Kevin Kaspar: we were solving a pain point. Some people talked about the fact that they tried to make dungeons and dragons do this, but it couldn't work, and they tried to make it themselves, and they were unsuccessful. And then, when they found our system, it finally solved their itch.
Kevin Kaspar: and then the 3, rd which is actually kind of my most interesting, was
Kevin Kaspar: they always homebrew, and what home brew means for my industry is that people are actually making up their own stories.
Kevin Kaspar: They're actually not using canned stories that you can purchase which really sort of suggests that the roblox component of our game, the creativity component of our game, where they can actually create their own adventures on our system are going to be really, really key to our success. So that's what I have. And I did it under 3 min. Yay.
Kevin Kaspar: well, the only ask I have is you all could talk to Dave about what he presented. It seems like he's for far along in his process, because he already had customers really good. So you wanted a hint at what it's gonna look like for you, probably for your next iteration. You have good customers in it.
Kevin Kaspar: right? So that's really really good. Are these his customers like? Aren't we supposed to talk about stuff that are? That's an alternative book. You can also talk to your existing customers.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll copy at that, because it depends on what you're trying to learn. So some of you have customers, and you're not talking to your existing customers, because the thing you're trying to learn it doesn't matter about why they hired you, Dave. Actually, specifically, I know his learning objective. One of them that he was thinking of was when they hire him. They like fall off so like some people have hired, but kind of like fired him, but are still there, but they're not using it. So that's like something he wants to learn.
Lilliana Robinson: Other people. You guys might not want to know something that has to do with your consumers. So it matters about your learning objective. It's not just like, Oh, I can also include my customers. Only if it helps with what you're trying to learn.
Lilliana Robinson: I know it would make it easier to just contact your own customers, but you have to be honest.
Kevin Kaspar: You remember the base camp example I shared with you? You know those are base camp. So when you have customers, it's great.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, the next person is cogniscope.
Lilliana Robinson: and then after that we're halfway done. So we'll take like a 5 min break after cogniscope.
Kevin Kaspar: Hello.
Kevin Kaspar: my name is so cool.
Kevin Kaspar: I feel like I feel like the Italian. I think you guys are like blocking the camera. Really, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: slight. We can.
Kevin Kaspar: It's.
Lilliana Robinson: I love the whole squad. Okay, go ahead.
Kevin Kaspar: Next, please.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So this is our screen criteria. We want to speak with product managers from live service game studios who have hired a community manager within the last 6 months the studios games should be at least in the Beta phase. So that's where they are actually eager for feedback, but struggling to keep up with the fast pace of demands of a discord community with at least 5 payments.
Kevin Kaspar: So I. We wanted it to be so specific and so narrowed down that maybe if we in Detroit we can find other people
Kevin Kaspar: like more easily.
Kevin Kaspar: And the interview should have been a key influencer or decision maker in the hiring process. And if any questions, this is one of the best screening criteria. But I think this is a good thing for everyone to study.
Kevin Kaspar: No, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: I was just gonna say that this is so good. This is so narrow. I love it because not only do you have it time bound, and there's a reason you have it, at least in the Beta phase be, and you explain because they're eager for feedback. But then you also qualify it that
Lilliana Robinson: they have to have at least 5 K members in their discord, which I'm sure is a very specific reason. You guys have taken time to get to. And
Lilliana Robinson: if you didn't include that, think about how much wasted time you would have right, like the people that you need to talk to need to have this problem specifically, if they had a small discord community, they probably wouldn't be as overwhelmed. So not only is this gonna help you get the insights you need. It kind of saves you time to to just start super narrow. So I'm very impressed with this.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: We can go
Kevin Kaspar: the next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: So what we have done so far we finish the book and look back at the Jtv materials.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, absolutely. Yes. Yeah. Especially asking you guys about the b 2 c versus B, 2 C type of thing. I, I was completely wrong. The book is amazing in explaining how the b 2 b is going to be implemented in that space. It's amazing. Still, having some issues on some aspects
Kevin Kaspar: on the b 2 b side. But it's much more clear right now. I definitely recommend everyone to like at least finish and go back, maybe.
Kevin Kaspar: And we prepared a pipeline that consists of like we heard Brad talking about the top 100 companies we made our own version of like
Kevin Kaspar: like close to top 100 games with, like the companies
Kevin Kaspar: and the company details and the pipeline that, we're going to reach out people for. So we finished the draft of the questions for the interviews as well, because we actually like talked about among each other. What should we are trying to learn from them how and how we can get from them. So we we prepared a set of questions. But it's also like
Kevin Kaspar: really adjustable to. We have to tailor for each company. So they're all Gen. They're all still, general.
Kevin Kaspar: So when we like narrow down the people that we're gonna reach out, we're gonna tailor them tailor, those questions for them. Yeah, we at least we have a template, and I don't think I need that.
Kevin Kaspar: So we started to reach out to the highest priority interviews, like from time to down. We can go next.
Kevin Kaspar: So we started by utilizing steam database to sort and filter the games according to their active company, and 6, 36 games. And this is a list of ours. We can go to the next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: And then we searched online that which of these games, or which of these companies. Open the job offering.
Kevin Kaspar: And the closed job offerings are not online like, you can't reach out on Linkedin. So you have to go on the Google search.
Kevin Kaspar: Track them down. That is a bit hard. So we track down the posts
Kevin Kaspar: and we tracked down the hires. Then we looked at the post comments to find out who may have hired them.
Kevin Kaspar: We listed down twice, exactly. Matching people are prioritia, which we tag like high priority, and we found 3 people that we can utilize their network to reach out to the other hiring peoples, and we started to reach out to the candidates also found a possible warm introduction opportunity among our network as well, and Monica is also provided the last name
Kevin Kaspar: which we thank for, and we have a high priority person actually accepted on Linkedin. Invite last night and waiting. We are waiting for his response. Yeah. So
Kevin Kaspar: there are challenges. So the gaming industry has somewhat complex hierarchy. We initially thought the product managers were usually in charge, but
Kevin Kaspar: it differs around companies. For example, the magic gathering game has a design manager on top of everything, and he like, totally explains his job role as he actually does the hiring. He actually does the interviews. So he has, like specifically choose who to hire and like. It's all around the place. Some. It's some companies. It's business owners, some companies. It's senior community manager is. They have like 50 community managers. So
Kevin Kaspar: we found that that Ct. For product managers is not that like accurate for our case?
Kevin Kaspar: And so, additionally, we know of a few companies like Oh, hat! Well, which have a client community managers earlier this year, and they are like on. They had their Beta phases this year, and we are on their communities. We are actually like communicating with the common product man, like community managers on the general chat, but we cannot directly talk to them and reach out to them, because it's highly like restricted.
Kevin Kaspar: But we couldn't find them on Linkedin or online. So it's really hard to track down them, although we know that they had a pain. Because they are you. We can see how many coming to measures there are like oh, who went through and who came back, so on, so forth. But it is a really hard thing to track
Kevin Kaspar: the decision maker from like finding a way to what's cool about that is because it's so hard to figure out that hierarchical structure. It varies across companies. You all do that weird artwork boy. That's like where you absolutely yeah. We talk
Kevin Kaspar: really unique insight to add distribution across that. Yeah. And as a result, we are struggling to understand the different prioritical structure of these companies, and they call how to connect them, track down to
Kevin Kaspar: relevant contacts.
Kevin Kaspar: and also like we also added the our pipeline on the coding scope page. So if anyone wants like to see it out. We can also share it as well. You can track our progress in real time. So we're up for your feedback as well.
Lilliana Robinson: This is so great. I really think this is a master class in the hunt for B, 2 B. Do you see how create
Lilliana Robinson: cogniscope was with like, not everyone obviously can use steam. But whatever it is for your business, where your people live, wherever that is, it could be at a conference. It could be somewhere, virtually, but just thinking creatively and out of the box, and then going on to Linkedin and Google, and like stocking these people with their jobs to. You know, open positions. This is just great. I love how creative you guys were.
Lilliana Robinson: The only piece of feedback I have, because this is wonderful, and I can't wait to see what comes out of it is this.
Lilliana Robinson: there should not be a draft of questions for the interviews.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you remember that.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. But like we thought that we should actually
Kevin Kaspar: see what we're trying to learn from them. You know, we are not going to ask these questions directly, but
Kevin Kaspar: we all have some questions in our head to like
Kevin Kaspar: to do the job to be done for. So that's actually clarify on this.
Kevin Kaspar: We actually you. We've actually done this, as like, you know, in one of Neil's in my initial slides we found a list of answers that we're like the person should be looking for in doing the interview. And then we found out that these weren't so much compatible for the gaming space and games, and then we recreated them, using our our sectors, you know, paradigms. So like this, draft
Kevin Kaspar: questions is actually the answers that we'll be looking for. Not so, you know, navigate a menu of ways to activate. That's really good. I like that.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's take one piece of feedback from the group, and then, Neil, if you want to say anything, and then we'll break.
Kevin Kaspar: Question would be like, why would you be targeting companies that have virality because
Kevin Kaspar: that have virality? If you have a lot of like, if you have a very active community, it means your game is doing well.
Kevin Kaspar: On the other hand, I feel like the committee managers that are more interested in feedback would be from games that are actually falling off
Kevin Kaspar: like, because these would be the ones that would perhaps be looking to the community to tell them where their games went wrong.
Kevin Kaspar: So that would be like my way of looking at it like it might be like you might have more eagerness from people that fall within that category than the ones that be like. I already have a very successful game, even if I'm missing out on community feedback. Perhaps
Kevin Kaspar: that's not as important. Yeah, like, there are some like couple of thoughts on that. So, for example, a big game company ubisoft
Kevin Kaspar: have a massive community. But actually the community
Kevin Kaspar: notoriously like the notoriously hated company, and they will try. They are trying to change it. They actually, like established a Customer Relations center
Kevin Kaspar: which have 200 community managers on just one office to like figure that out. And the problem of like
Kevin Kaspar: getting reach out like reach out to the smaller communities. They do not have that many comments, or that many feedback. So actually, they can track them down by self by themselves.
Kevin Kaspar: And yeah, we are mostly like data concerned at this point. Actually, so we need
Kevin Kaspar: like a massive data guy who is trying to struggle them manually, like, we also have some like people who ask for like to try our product. But they have 500 people and 1015 people are like constantly talking.
Kevin Kaspar: So he is actually replying all of the comments. So he doesn't actually need our product as you result.
Kevin Kaspar: So I think we would be a white. And for the smaller communities. But we would be like a different paincle for a huge company that spends billions of dollars, but
Kevin Kaspar: not getting a result
Kevin Kaspar: right. And also I get what you're saying. But I think, the crisis happening like instantly right now, is also important, but also like the previous things, like the retrospective, since we're like the interview, we also get like previous feedback from them, like, why did they hire and stuff? So that will also include what you're saying actually.
Kevin Kaspar: But I mean, when I think about why customer, like community managers, want to engage with the community, but more like it would be to build features that keep the community happy.
Kevin Kaspar: So I I want, I want to tap into negative sentiments there that what
Kevin Kaspar: push the community to become less active as a result, push the community to be less engaged. That would be something that I, as a community manager, would like to look into.
Kevin Kaspar: So I could have built features that would have kept my community engaged. So like, I have a good point on that. I think we have something missing here. Oh, no, it's not there. So it's it's there. Sorry. So live service, game studios. And I I think that part is very important, because live service games by nature have to keep the person playing the game inside the game for a very long time.
Kevin Kaspar: Profit from them right? So if you take this sentence in a vacuum and look at it. You'll see that
Kevin Kaspar: the person has to keep the community engaged and content for a very long time, and that means that they have to. If something goes wrong overnight, then they have a problem. If you look at it on a monthly basis, they might be really successful. They might have a lot of people playing that game, and that might be a you know, indicator of success.
Kevin Kaspar: It doesn't mean that they don't have to clean up, you know, like we have a discord that is, that has 50,000 messages coming through every single minute, and we don't know what's going over there. And then we're pushing an update that took us one month to complete by the technical team. And we don't know how that's going to resonate
Kevin Kaspar: like that's the specific pain that we we need to, you know, address or like. That's the specific person with the need that we want to interview, so that, you know, we can see if that person would be interested in looking at those and integrating our insights into their building procedures.
Kevin Kaspar: This is really a good plan.
Kevin Kaspar: conversation.
Kevin Kaspar: but this is an amazing. So let's take 5 min with her at 2 0. 6 with George
Kevin Kaspar: understood, understood.
Kevin Kaspar: You. Don't forget
Kevin Kaspar: that one got me who was saying that I don't remember
Kevin Kaspar: my mom. She had a baby. She got Covid.
Kevin Kaspar: She's okay. I can't sleep to recover
Kevin Kaspar: like she's the same as she wants to sleep.
Kevin Kaspar: She was doing that, but she couldn't actually sleeping.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, alright, that's fine.
Kevin Kaspar: It's all going around right now. I just think about
Kevin Kaspar: I was vaccinated.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So I'm scared
Kevin Kaspar: at the office.
Kevin Kaspar: I have to say, very interesting.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll put it in my back.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, okay, I don't know.
Kevin Kaspar: So like it's around you can, assembling the strain on the markets.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm aware. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: So everything is just like a moment
Kevin Kaspar: doing a Spanish thing. Don't do it.
Kevin Kaspar: I probably have more than 6. Yeah, that's too much
Kevin Kaspar: scary, very much
Kevin Kaspar: recording. During the whole break I forgot to stop the recording.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright, guys, it's time to start. Let's give George our attention.
Kevin Kaspar: Someone. Close the door, please.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright, George, let me get your
Kevin Kaspar: get straight into it. It's very basic.
Kevin Kaspar: she will say.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh.
Kevin Kaspar: he has it next?
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. So criteria. We're seeking market research executives who within the past 3 to 6 months have purchased qualitative survey automation tool particularly like conversational like chat surveys and actively use it at any point. They should have faced business impacts due to staffing shortages and be the ultimate decision maker.
Kevin Kaspar: That's what I'm trying to figure out. That's like the that's the well, I mean a lot of these firms. They'll purchase these tools just to try them out. Well, I want to find the people who would where there's a deeper reason for it.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, right? Right? That's what I need to figure out. Yeah, that's all the jobs to be done is for here. But this vertical. But then there are 3 verticals I want to try out.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, cause I've had these conversations with a few companies, and they literally do just say, like, they just drop all new stuff in the market. Yeah, exactly. I haven't done that yet. Yeah. So that's why this is so cool. So yeah, if we go to the next slide, please.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah, again, no interviews completed yet. But I've scheduled
Kevin Kaspar: forum ones agreed to. So I'm going to focus on. I've got a list of like a thousand companies I need to narrow down, find the most fit 100 and then organically sort of reach out to them over and over. And, as I said just then, I'm gonna I'm planning to do a few rounds.
Kevin Kaspar: Because I suspect that there are like 3 primary vertical, 3 main verticals being, yeah. Pr and public policy as well as market research. So starting with the market researchers. Because I think they would have the most sort of generalizable sort of feedback
Kevin Kaspar: and then moving on from there. But yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: the next one, sir.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, so here the it's it is, as we all probably know, in b 2 b. It's very difficult to recruit the Ceos. These companies. So I might have to sort of move toward like research managers. Couple, yeah, like trying to schedule someone in the next 10 days. Very, very difficult when they're running a team managing a team. So
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, again, oh, yeah, considering various incentives. This is something I wanted your feedback on guys was
Kevin Kaspar: one thing that seems to kind of resonate is these companies I'm reaching out to. They lack a lot of technical expertise. So
Kevin Kaspar: one of them said to me, well, in exchange for this, how about you? Offer me half an hour of consulting on like AI stuff? Basically. Because what do you think about doing that as a
Kevin Kaspar: as an exchange? I thought it was cool, because I can learn from that, too. Yes, yes, that's what I was thinking, too. So I yeah, I think that's a good way to go. Great
Kevin Kaspar: And so, considering adjusting down
Kevin Kaspar: Ceos to research about whoever the right profile could be. So yeah, that's it at the moment.
Kevin Kaspar: and feeling good about it. But today, yeah, good. So I agree with the point that recruiting Ceos can be really tough. Yeah. And that, I think, begs the question of.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, I I worked at a few really big, really higher companies, and some of them had CEO dashboards that, you know.
Kevin Kaspar: got all of the data compressed into a single while. Some others
Kevin Kaspar: where more of you know, business analysts were creating the report and mingling with all the data, and in return also facing the challenges of not having qualitative analysis software. And then they were sending back to the CEO, and then the CEO will look at it and like it or not, and then go back to them and tell them if that's okay or not. In that sense
Kevin Kaspar: it might be easier, or even maybe more correct, to reach out to the people who are actually experiencing the pain of not having quality analysis of software, because the CEO's pain seems to be here. Here seems to be that you know they don't get good analysis. But if I I'm not sure if your product is solving that exactly while on the contributing, you're exactly solving the problem of a business
Kevin Kaspar: trying to get something out of the massive amounts of data that they have to process. Yeah, it's basically that what we're talking about there is secondary research. What I'm doing is primary research. So let's say, the CEO is wondering.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, an example. What do like millennials in Boulder versus San Francisco and think about self driving vehicles. And so rather than going to their team and saying, Go, conduct this research. Do these surveys analyze, give me the report. The CEO CEO, whatever the manager could just go to like the AI agent. Do that. It'll go out, find the people, bring back the insights.
Kevin Kaspar: and then they can in real time iterate on that. So I really like that idea, though, because I'm just imagining now having this built into the dashboard so they can like see? See the overview of what's going on like the the the secondary research what you're what you're talking about, and then say, Hey, AI agent like
Kevin Kaspar: go deeper on these insights. Yeah, go find out more about this for me, and then it can integrate with the dashboards. That's that's an interesting idea. Never thought about that. So I built something similar. That's really cool. That's exactly what the CEO is looking for. They want to be monitoring real time in these really big companies. They want to be able to monitor real time, their key metrics. And if something's going on about that metric they used to come to us, which I wasn't.
Kevin Kaspar: they were asking back in the day they would come to us and say that, hey, this number seems to be low. What's going on here? I I want a full report on what's what the problem here is.
Kevin Kaspar: And your product seems to be able to challenge that completely and say that okay, like the AI can look at it for you and give you instantaneous results.
Kevin Kaspar: which is pretty nice along those lines. Yeah, thank you. That's interesting. Just one more comment, and we'll take Will, and then we'll have to wrap.
Kevin Kaspar: This is super helpful for me to
Kevin Kaspar: have you considered Bcg Bank.
Kevin Kaspar: but ultimately, when they get a project I.
Kevin Kaspar: They're kind of viewing the mobile. That's fine, but then they'll have a database. So I should handle it soon.
Kevin Kaspar: working with research firms to get this primary data kind of
Kevin Kaspar: gathering it. And as you mentioned in that base camp, a lot of the time the data is
Kevin Kaspar: skewed, or it's it's crap. It's rough. Yeah, it takes months
Kevin Kaspar: shop for these guys. Yes.
Kevin Kaspar: it's a lot of cost.
Kevin Kaspar: And as you said, time, and they begin to pull that data into their report. So they're delivering.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you. Yeah. You guys are both touching on the similar thing where I know market research. But I don't know what I don't know beyond that. So, like, I know, I need to start. I think I need to start there and move beyond and go to the actual end buyers, which what you guys are both talking about. So thank you. Like, that's my next round, yeah, cheers, guys. So
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, go ahead. Make sure that anyone is wanted to say like, Follow up with that founder and help each other. After this, let's give a round of applause for George.
Kevin Kaspar: Agent Lunar, you are up next.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. We're down to the final 5.
Kevin Kaspar: You guys are doing great.
Kevin Kaspar: Alright. Thanks.
Kevin Kaspar: Awesome. So maybe just a bit of background for the cohort. Initially, we were looking to target Etsy Sellers, the reason being is that they were solopreneurs. So they're the key decision maker, fast sales, cycles.
Kevin Kaspar: And that's who we were interested in helping. But if we're very honest with ourselves, the willingness to pay is too low, so we can help them in the future. But right now we need the money. But, more importantly, real estate super interesting because my awesome co-founder will has an awesome network that we can tap into. So this is exactly who we are looking for. Currently, specifically, those that have changed their social media marketing or freelancer provider
Kevin Kaspar: in the past 6 months. We can hop to the next slide if that's okay.
Kevin Kaspar: Awesome.
Kevin Kaspar: She's on. Brand
Kevin Kaspar: didn't. But
Kevin Kaspar: I did. So
Kevin Kaspar: she's always on point. So what have we done so far? So in terms of interviews, we haven't actually had any that meet all of the criteria this week. We've spoken to 3 different people who meet meet some of the criteria
Kevin Kaspar: but they haven't actually made a change. But in terms of how we're getting them. So personal network kind of reaching out asking for intros through our networks. We've also got a list. It's now up to 5,000, and we're gonna just cap it there. But 5,000 real estate agents in California, New York. It's now Florida as well.
Kevin Kaspar: We want an average price of at least a million, because we know that for them marketing is really important, and they've got a bigger commission tied to it. And then some intros from all of you. So thank you very much. Everyone who's helping us out.
Kevin Kaspar: These are the interviews that we've got scheduled or agreed for next week.
Kevin Kaspar: We can hop to the next slide, because I think importantly, even though our 1st interview takes place on Sunday. Nonetheless, we have gathered some insights. We have brief conversations, and also
Kevin Kaspar: the learnings that we've had. So I think the 3 for those that meet the criteria. What we're seeing so far is no surprise. They're extremely busy, and they're focused on closing sales like leads leads lead. So not the most value that we're offering, nonetheless, really interesting, because for those that don't know the primary feature of our product now is the lead feature. So that's great. The work life is really mobile first.st So there's an assumption there when with the mobile 1st product, we wanted to build
Kevin Kaspar: but really, interestingly, in 3 cases people have come back to us and directed us to their marketing or social media department. So
Kevin Kaspar: there's more to come on that in a couple of slides. If I have time. For those that have met 2 out of 3 of the criteria, the 3rd being that they haven't changed recently.
Kevin Kaspar: We found that really the agents operate really, as standalone entities. So they're going against each other. And that means that the foot soldiers are typically managing the social media themselves. But we've had a chat with a couple of franchise owners who are going to do the jobs to be done with. But they're really frustrated because there's a lot of inconsistencies that arise from that, and a lot of lost deals lost money.
Kevin Kaspar: So if we move to the next slide, were any of these things that you didn't previously know. Were they all things you didn't previously know.
Kevin Kaspar: I'd say we we kind of
Kevin Kaspar: we we knew about them, but we perhaps didn't prioritize the importance of of them for for the actual business owner themselves.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. So I think this is the next part that right now that list the 5,000, it includes a bit of it's a bit of a hodgepodge. It includes individual estate agents or realtors as well as franchise owners. So that's something that now we're starting to see. Actually, the franchise owner may have anywhere from
Kevin Kaspar: a handful to a couple 100 realtors in their network. And ultimately they, those are the particular ones that see this as the biggest pain point
Kevin Kaspar: next slide next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: So the way that we're thinking about this just for I don't know if anyone's been selling sunset. But we're going up. We're going after Jason and Brett, because these guys ultimately want to make sure that everyone in the team is coordinated, and that everyone's representing the brand, and that any leads that come in. They've got full visibility across the whole business. Versus at the moment. That database that we've we've got includes
Kevin Kaspar: kind of the whole gang. So often, as Dominic said, they're acting. Each of the realtors are acting as kind of a stand alone. Entity, they don't give a shit about the rest of their team. Whereas these guys do, because every dollar of commission they're taking a cut of that.
Kevin Kaspar: This has to be us TV,
Kevin Kaspar: us, yeah, this is us, Canada.
Kevin Kaspar: It's all good. Yeah, it's it's basically yeah. Forget. If you don't know the show. It's probably not very funny. But it's basically the
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, it's a Netflix thing. Yes. Oh, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, this is a thing. This is a thing. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: anyway. So we're going to do a watch night together of science success like, we need to understand it more, you have a question, already yeah, go ahead.
Kevin Kaspar: it's not very like a
Kevin Kaspar: kept full of anger, totally.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, but she recently, I, noticed, she had an in-house person, and then she hired a marketing agency. And you know, social media is just one part of the entire huge marketing campaign to sell a house mail, you know, build a website. So. I guess
Kevin Kaspar: it's a really great question. So maybe to tell you more about our product. We have 3 agents that we're building that would be able to handle all of that. So we're starting with social media. But just to clarify, we're not building a sprout, social or Hootsuite. We really want to build a marketing department in your pocket. But of course that's going to take time. So, to begin with, it's going to be. I hope I get this right, lilliana on Surge or Wizard of Oz
Kevin Kaspar: with me doing it in the background. But no, to begin with, it's social media is is the pain point we're trying to address
Kevin Kaspar: Wizard of Oz. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: And I'll just add the other big part that we think is going to be really exciting for them is when a potential buyer reaches out to that agent. Often they're getting hit with a whole bunch of inquiry. A lot of it is
Kevin Kaspar: people just kicking the tires that are wanting to see. Okay, what's this gonna go for? Maybe they're a homeowner on the street. So this the tool that we're building will essentially sift through all of the noise, to be able to give that agent insight in terms of the sentiment and the willingness? Are they actually a genuine buyer, and if they are.
Kevin Kaspar: it can search all of everything about them within their digital footprint, so that when the agent, speaking to them like Brad was talking about with the networking. They've actually got. Perhaps some insights into what sporting team they're into, what their hobbies are, and they can open the conversation and learn a bit more. So this is interesting for commercial space. We have just focused now on the residential side. But
Kevin Kaspar: we're thinking with the commercial space. It's more of A. B to B to B, where, say, A, Brookfield Ubs was a tenant. I need to know. Okay, who are the decision makers is within Brookfield. I'm sorry within ubs, because it's often a bit of a maze to navigate, and you wanna
Kevin Kaspar: make a good impression because they're probably looking at a few other buildings at the same time.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: it was an awesome question. Thank you. I think we're kind of asked for.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, that was the end. Yeah, it was mainly just the the ask, if I'm sorry for you guys.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So this was our question, yeah, it is for the old screening criteria. So do we
Kevin Kaspar: can still go ahead with those or what some of them will, and some of them won't
Kevin Kaspar: over. Yeah, remember, this is still assumption based right? Just on a small amount of data we've had so far. So yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, perfect.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, yeah, kind of trash.
Kevin Kaspar: It's in there studying your fault. It's in there.
Kevin Kaspar: and you can just play the game of just trying to get them done early, like, if you kind of know what's happening. You get the insights. And then also 15 min in, you're like, Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. Dinner time back. Okay? Thank you. Guys.
Kevin Kaspar: let's say.
Kevin Kaspar: love it
Kevin Kaspar: next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: I got it done on Pfizer. But
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. So we're still finalizing our screening criteria. So we haven't set up any interviews. Think it's really important to get this right before you move forward. Next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? So I had previous criteria that were reviewed by Neil. The problem is, I think I was still interested in this criteria, and I think I can actually get these interviews done. But maybe over the course of several months to a year. Because it's not that
Kevin Kaspar: I don't. I can't identify the the role. Well, let me back up. The previous criteria were people who have purchased a clinical trial management system, or what we call Ctms within the last 6 months, and were the primary champion driver and or decision maker.
Kevin Kaspar: So this is typically a Vp of clinical operations.
Kevin Kaspar: At most companies. And I can identify those people. But the problem is, this is a very rare purchase. And it's typically only made once in a company's lifetime. So
Kevin Kaspar: it seems like it's trying to find this needle in a haystack. You know, there are lists that you can purchase. I get solicited all the time like, do you want to know who bought these systems? I don't know how they're getting their information. But I'm sure it's expensive.
Kevin Kaspar: and you know they're typically very busy people, as George was saying, like, you might get an interview like 2 months out from from when you, you know, make 1st contact. So I was thinking, you know, put this on the back burner, do it, work through it slowly, but for the purposes of the tech. Stars. Exercise.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, use revised criteria that would be easier to fulfill. So the revised criteria are a clinical operations manager, Director or Vp. Who is using spreadsheets to execute and oversee clinical trials. So that's like literally everyone. So it'd be very easy to tap into my network and get
Kevin Kaspar: 12 interviews.
Kevin Kaspar: The cons of this is that we will only understand the pain points of using spreadsheets and not any push pull factors that make people change from that status quo and choose an alternate system like ours. Which is valuable. And but it's also interesting, because, you know, everyone already has spreadsheets at their company. It wasn't a purchase that was made with intent. It's like every single company has an office suite like Google or Microsoft.
Kevin Kaspar: So that piece is missing. I just wanted to make sure that before I launch into these interviews that it's still worth doing. And I'm going to get relevant information. And maybe that's a question for myself, but just wanted to put it out there. I'm I'm concerned about doing
Kevin Kaspar: a screen criteria that's not centered around a switch moment.
Kevin Kaspar: I it usually is not a fruitful endeavor. I'm curious. If there's anything we can do
Kevin Kaspar: help you maybe a lesser number, maybe not 13 to 15, but a few of the 1st criteria, because I do like the specificity of it, or maybe modifying that to keep a purchase moment. But we make it easier. Maybe we change the the person at the company that you want to talk to, or something.
Kevin Kaspar: Is there anything we can do that would make that easier like trying to get you warm intros or anything?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I mean, if the number came down to like 5, I mean, why don't we start there better? I think. 5. You can.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. Well, go ahead
Kevin Kaspar: struggling. So that list the 5,000 that we feel we. We haven't feel that ourselves. We pay someone on offer to go through a bunch of databases. They then verify the leads they use on balances. You're about to check that. It's real. And we've got their Linkedin Instagram, Facebook, Twitter. If they're using it at Mobile.
Kevin Kaspar: which state they're in.
Kevin Kaspar: So you can be really specific with. If you've got the job title at the function, they can go and put it into like a follow which has got about 270 million and leads in there. So maybe there's
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know 30 or 40 people, and then you can just start giving them up on anything.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, that's
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. That's not a bad idea. I might ask how you did that. Specifically, I've used up. I use upwork extensively. So, and it was like 10 cents each one. We got a ton of information.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, yeah. And I know on Reddit. There's like a clinical research thread. And like people like talk. And maybe I could put something out there just to see, get names of companies and then do the research from there. So I mean, I can be creative. It's just time consuming. That's the only thing.
Kevin Kaspar: It's valuable.
Kevin Kaspar: but I just
Kevin Kaspar: I can't time boxes. I don't know how long I can start, you know, right? So like I mean in your mind, this feel like a fruitful thing to spend time on relative to some of the other things we have in the pipeline.
Kevin Kaspar: I think it is like but not at the expense of everything.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? Alright. So yeah, I just want to make sure that you're learning like, this is something that's actually going to help you with the other prioritization. Yeah, I think that would be very useful. So that's basically what I wanted to know, like, I'm willing to put the time into that. But, I just wanted to pass these criteria
Kevin Kaspar: right? You're you have this stuff already figured out. The only time where I feel bad is when we're like, All right, cool like. Don't worry about this. So like, take your time to figure it out, and you end up building the thing that you think.
Kevin Kaspar: And then, once you do all that work with some of that money. You look back and go. Oh, man, that was actually not the right thing. And then we have to do our thing again. And then you ended up spending a lot of money doing the wrong thing.
Kevin Kaspar: So I'm not saying you're doing the wrong thing, but I want to make you feel very confident it wouldn't work out because you're doing the right thing. Otherwise my recommendation. So you might need to like.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I think we should have a conversation, and we'll always be here for anyone if if you decide like, like Blank is not useful right now. We'll be here after program if you need to go back. But I highly recommend doing it now, because most of the people that come back to us after program regret that they didn't do it earlier.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, the way that we're thinking about this is almost like when the investors feeding us. This is this is us feeding our own business like our own customer, and it's a Dd. Cost before you go and invest a ton of time and money
Kevin Kaspar: because we were like our own 350 million size cloud
Kevin Kaspar: on Etsy, right? And then we can reveal the itch that.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: But let us help you show you.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I was just gonna say to the class. I didn't really realize this. But I we partnered with a data workers, nonprofit. And they do this type of work all the time. And so and they're super fast, and I can introduce you. So if anyone wants like this type of like sales research done. I can connect you, and they can do it all for you. So
Kevin Kaspar: I did solicit a quote from like a connection with a company that specifically gets these kinds of interviews, and they put in me $700 interview, and I was like, no. Oh, like they said. They get the interviews for you based on your screening criteria health tech stakeholders. No, they don't.
Kevin Kaspar: They can. But like, just to get the interview, yeah. Source and to schedule, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, this is
Kevin Kaspar: okay. I'll stick with it. I'll see what happens.
Kevin Kaspar: Vulnerability up here. I I appreciated that you allowed us to help you. That's great, and you're not the 1st one to have a checkpoint where you have 0 last time we had like 3.
Kevin Kaspar: This is great. Okay? Next person is
Kevin Kaspar: Hello.
Kevin Kaspar: I still.
Kevin Kaspar: which
Kevin Kaspar: are you guys gonna change your name? Or is Anna just going to be your product? Yeah, we're thinking Anna's name. Okay?
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, happy to always change that, too.
Kevin Kaspar: You just referenced yesterday in your founder story, you were saying like, Yeah, what used to be Collab, or something like that. So yeah, we're keeping the same company name just because we don't want to deal with having to like change all of that. Okay, cool.
Kevin Kaspar: alrighty. So our objectives for the Jtvd is that we want to assess and pinpoint. Where is the strongest, like struggling moment in the guest journey for the short term? Rental operators?
Kevin Kaspar: So these are your users and not your customers right? No, not the users, but the customers itself, for the short term rental companies.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, because actually, what we're alluding to here is we've had conversations with people that basically jumped on a call on a product. Demo, with us, wanting to know more about Anna, thinking that she was targeting a different part of the guest journey.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, I see. Yes, so exactly so right now. Anna really helps with pre arrival, and during the stay. So any sort of guest inquiries, whereas here we're trying to learn whether the struggling moment of those short term rental management companies is more in the pre booking stage. Yeah. So that's the learning objective. So we're not talking to our existing customers here.
Kevin Kaspar: So we're looking for property management companies that have in the last 6 months implemented an AI Chatbot on their website, and that 90% of their guest communications is led by guest lead inquiries
Kevin Kaspar: and that they waste minimum 2 h daily answering via email, text and phone calls.
Kevin Kaspar: I just, I just want to commend you again. Like, doesn't this feel really real when you say implemented an AI Chatbot. You mean, they they purchase money exactly.
Kevin Kaspar: So. Usually on the website. It just shows Whatsapp. But then it's powered by, oh, so you can just check their website. Exactly. It's all there. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, just add, actually, most short term rentals don't have that yet. So we have to go through quite a bit to find someone that has it. Those competitors or those alternatives are rather for the hotels. So lots of hotels have already implemented something along those lines. But short term rentals are still a bit lacking behind. So that's it. That's a nice creative way to find them.
Kevin Kaspar: So this week we contacted 11 companies. And these are all companies that we actually previously sold to. So we have a relationship with those owners, and they want to see the journey of our company, so they were willing to come on calls with us. So 5 have confirmed, and then 3 calls are already scheduled. So we have one tomorrow one on Saturday or Sunday.
Kevin Kaspar: one on Saturday, and then one on Monday. So this is a 3. Okay, it's because for us, actually, that could be mentioned in one of our challenges, which we didn't. But for us the biggest challenge, because those are companies in the Uk and in Dubai the time difference is just horrible. So unless we want to jump on a 2 Am. 3 Am. Call. It's kind of we have to just stick.
Kevin Kaspar: It took 7. So we? We tried to make it as as early as possible, so we can still participate in everything. So just one thing I wanted to say about the
Kevin Kaspar: the company. So Talisha had mentioned. Those are from our own network that we previously tried to sell to, and they so we sold. We wanted to approach them for the guest journey that I mentioned the pre pre-arrival and the during the stay but they have something, for example, for the pre booking already. And so we want to find out. Why did you get that at pre booking?
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah, are these your 1st 3? So you haven't done any yet, but they're scheduled. We haven't conducted any yet.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, so the methods we've done the methods we've done as we said our own network and then we also just wanted to experiment this time, and we posted on Reddit. We're constantly being blocked. So I don't think that's working unless someone has some good tips, because Reddit has actually those Airbnb host communities or property manager community or threads.
Kevin Kaspar: But yeah, we're not having a lot of success. Yet on those. And then also looking into like those closed private Facebook groups ranging from like 800 members to like up to 3,000 similar to now. I forgot who had mentioned it. That posted on Reddit.
Kevin Kaspar: You guys similar to you guys, we've gotten some weird spam from that. So I think we'll just go back to actually looking onto our client database that we already prepared, and just go through each and every one to see who has a Chatbot on their website and get in touch. I think you guys need to talk to Brad.
Kevin Kaspar: Cause, Brad definitely is the kind of person that would be in these like network groups, because he's a short term rental owner, and he'll be in communities in the class that are demonstrated. Some creative
Kevin Kaspar: progress at the hunt, so like great ways to get there, and it'd be cool. You all had shared minds about how you all can identify the right people to interview.
Kevin Kaspar: So, Collab, I have to move you along because we're at time. So go ahead and do your last slide, and then we'll just take like one piece of feedback. Another method is also the Futures Institute. There are dear friends and supporters. So they're actually reaching out to their network of hosts and operators and going to be spreading the word about our interview. So yeah. And next steps, we already mentioned it.
Kevin Kaspar: If one person want to give question or feedback to Bob.
Kevin Kaspar: I feel like I gave you feedback through the whole thing. Okay, yeah, we'll go to Kevin, I think, just because I don't understand too well, thanks. What's the biggest difference? Comparing an AI Chatbot to like another person managing
Kevin Kaspar: like a property manager and a person managing
Kevin Kaspar: softly solid
Kevin Kaspar: on their behalf.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, like in your screen, is there a big difference to adding higher?
Kevin Kaspar: Actually, that's a really good point. Yeah. But I think I think the answer is that their product is an AI, yeah. So it already. You're already crossing that hurdle of people who are like already willing to hire that instead of a person that's it. And so.
Kevin Kaspar: and especially if enough people are already doing that, then that's that's easy picking.
Kevin Kaspar: cool, and Will has a comment. But I'll let you guys connect offline. Thank you. Collab.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: what? You guys aren't getting a clock for him going.
Kevin Kaspar: Our presentation is nowhere near as nice as anyone else's.
Kevin Kaspar: I think you got you guys need to start with what you told me.
Kevin Kaspar: What did I do? Respondent Dot I/O. Oh, yeah, we were talking with Chloe, I think, yesterday or day before, and she's mentioned that we should use respondent I/O it's a
Kevin Kaspar: we only use it because Chloe recommended it otherwise their ux is not that great? And the site actually sucks? But, however like within like 3 h yesterday, after signing up.
Kevin Kaspar: we had 5 great leads. I haven't mentioned them here, because the the leads that we have covered here are mostly the ones that we've sourced from our contacts.
Kevin Kaspar: But
Kevin Kaspar: we're looking forward to.
Kevin Kaspar: We're looking forward to using respondent at I/O. We've scheduled most of the interviews for next week, because this week's like full of meetings.
Kevin Kaspar: But it's really cool. We offered like $100
Kevin Kaspar: per participant, and we like just have, like engineering managers, directors, vps just raid on us. It was great, even like 2 people. Suggested that they would like to demo the product before we even interviewed them. So no, it's it's great.
Kevin Kaspar: You can. There's like a the bar where you can literally select from $0 to $1,000 how much money you want to be.
Kevin Kaspar: So I offered 125, because that's the default number and we did a trial of like 5 users.
Kevin Kaspar: It looks great, I mean.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm starting to think, given how quick it was for us to find users. Maybe I offered too much
Kevin Kaspar: next time.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I think that's
Kevin Kaspar: but, on the other hand, those peoples are like engineering managers and ctos over there are like managing 5,200 people like, you know, like.
Kevin Kaspar: And you're you're making sure to not talk about your product in the jobs to be done interviews right? So even though they want to hire it, you're keeping that separate from the insights you gather. Yes, so respondent makes you put the information about your product. But for the
Kevin Kaspar: interviews we are looking to do that. I've actually had. I went to tech conference on Friday, and
Kevin Kaspar: I spoke to 2 ctos. I didn't mention our product.
Kevin Kaspar: I mostly used it as just wanted to
Kevin Kaspar: keep the conversation going without me mentioning my product.
Kevin Kaspar: and we've had some feedback from them. We can go to the next slide. I think. I wrote them down a bit. So this is the candidate criteria we're looking for. We're looking for engineering managers, directors, etc. Nontechnical founders is an interesting one, and people who deal with engineers who essentially are responsible for engineers or engineering budgets. So like stuff like product manager, director Vp, that sort of
Kevin Kaspar: they don't manage the engineers, but they are impacted by the output of the engineering team.
Kevin Kaspar: Go to the next slide, talika
Kevin Kaspar: so we so far interviewed and did some Demos these 2 were the ones that I interviewed at the
Kevin Kaspar: These 2 are the ones that I interviewed at the conference.
Kevin Kaspar: This guy has seen our product. But
Kevin Kaspar: We also asked him a lot of questions, and he did give very useful feedback. These guys as well. This was all in one call they gave very useful feedback, but also they demo our product.
Kevin Kaspar: These 2 are our clients. They've also demoed our product. And we also just installed our product on their
Kevin Kaspar: we're learning. We're learning. And we're learning like we're getting a lot of feedback from them. About the product. But obviously, that confuses the job. Speed done part. That's why, for the respondent at I/O once, and in fact, one of the reasons why we were so quick to go with respondent at Ios essentially, to have separate pipeline of
Kevin Kaspar: specifically jobs to be done. So we also have these guys coming up in the coming weeks.
Kevin Kaspar: So those ones we can also do like they know that I'm talking to them because of
Kevin Kaspar: my product. Essentially. But I can always guide the conversation. So at 1st I ask them all these questions, then Demo.
Kevin Kaspar: okay.
Kevin Kaspar: and then I think we have one last slide. And so these are the lessons we've learned.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, 2 more. So these are the lessons we've learned. We've we didn't realize before we started the conversation, that there were actually 3 separate
Kevin Kaspar: interest group 3 separate personas.
Kevin Kaspar: When when you have a small startup, that person becomes one. But then the bigger you go. There are 3 actually different roles that are looking for 3 different
Kevin Kaspar: features and 3 different insights
Kevin Kaspar: in the the tool in the developer data product data.
Kevin Kaspar: But the smaller that organization gets it turns it turns into one.
Kevin Kaspar: Think of this or be like, hand me the local piece. So actually, when we start to be kind of on that
Kevin Kaspar: when we started, we kind of only had this one.
Kevin Kaspar: and this was our main target. But where did it come from? Like, do you just sit there and go like, how did she determine what? That was? That one?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, like, that's me. Okay, cool. Yeah, that's that's the main like.
Kevin Kaspar: the main point that we decided to make this product is because we struggled from the same problem.
Kevin Kaspar: So and yeah, we are somehow all of this
Kevin Kaspar: people at the same time.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah. And we actually also work with a lot of them.
Kevin Kaspar: screening criteria, as you've seen so far. There are particular situations within these descriptors that would lead them to be ready for something with snapshot review. Right? So what are what is the circumstantial, like detail or nuance that's going on that drives anyone in these categories to need your product
Kevin Kaspar: because you're you're what you're describing are like attributes of who they are. Not necessarily what situation they're in, where they're struggling, and they need to hire. So I can tell with a couple of situations, I mean very, very. I think I've mentioned this at some point as well, but essentially we came up with this product. We thought we needed this product, because.
Kevin Kaspar: like at some point. But we had a bunch of engineers, and then
Kevin Kaspar: He knows them better than I do.
Kevin Kaspar: and at the end of every budget year before every salary cycle we
Kevin Kaspar: people racist.
Kevin Kaspar: The the way it works is that he gives me a spreadsheet. He tells me this person gets 5%. This person gets 10%. This person is not going to get a raise.
Kevin Kaspar: and I have to take his word for it.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know some of these engineers, and I have no way of justifying it.
Kevin Kaspar: Then I actually started talking to some of our some of our clients
Kevin Kaspar: who are also the Ctos in question here, and
Kevin Kaspar: but the moment I gave them this example, they're like, Oh, my God! Me, too! And in their case they have no way of knowing.
Kevin Kaspar: They have no way of challenging or verifying whatever their Vp of engineering says.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's where the product came from. But as we actually started having these conversations, we realized that there are more unknowns that they would like to know than just that. They would also like to get inside about the product so like nontechnical founder would like to know? Is my code any good?
Kevin Kaspar: I paid a bunch of money to some developers in some random country, and I don't even know these guys.
Kevin Kaspar: It's my coding ego. They gave me a product I don't know.
Kevin Kaspar: So the details that you're describing right now deserve some sort of placement in here as you're describing.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah,
Kevin Kaspar: so this is the feedback we received.
Kevin Kaspar: kind of says what I mentioned. Essentially, that's the different
Kevin Kaspar: perspectives that people are looking for different roles that so direct managers like I mentioned. They're not interested in knowing the individuals they're technical, they know, but they want to know about the product.
Kevin Kaspar: the the project management, they actually, or any sort of initiative driven by finance. They want to know about numbers.
Kevin Kaspar: then? These are some of the like, some of the jobs that we've identified so far that
Kevin Kaspar: we could fill in. Given the technical infrastructure we have could actually
Kevin Kaspar: solve these problems.
Kevin Kaspar: I could actually tell them
Kevin Kaspar: that.
Kevin Kaspar: for instance, the non-technical founders like I mentioned.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know if the code's any good or
Kevin Kaspar: a direct manager. They're about to release a ticket. They're about to do something. They want to know the impact. Someone else higher up. They might want to know how long it's going to take for something to be built.
Kevin Kaspar: So those are the questions we're able to answer. This is valuable feedback. Yeah, this is valuable feedback. But I think you guys need to do a 1 on one with Neil, or like talk to him on Boxer, because I think you're dangerously conflating 2 different things, and you're not going to get the value of the insights unless you do a completely separate with like separate screening criteria and do an independent set of job interviews.
Kevin Kaspar: so that to me seems evident, like I think, that there there might be something here where and it doesn't happen right away, because you already directly. So all in all like, probably continue with your instincts.
Kevin Kaspar: and then with the style you have and make progress.
Kevin Kaspar: So the only ask I have is that give that book a read? Because with everything that you've already shared, plus that resource, you might decide. Okay, actually makes sense to go here. What they're recommending and go all in with what
Kevin Kaspar: there's just. There's an equally valid case we haven't started talking to anyone under that, we source from respondent I/O. So those guys, our intention is to keep it pure with jobs to be done.
Kevin Kaspar: And you guys are so technical and engineering mindset, you will like Bob's book. He's an engineering there. It's very engineering centered.
Kevin Kaspar: I think, right now, what we need to do is maybe like like that's 1 thing I've noticed, after, like the having all these respondent I/O candidates. Maybe our head of product. Or one of them asked me this question, we need to refine the questions that we wanna ask them. So that's
Kevin Kaspar: potentially something that we could learn from inside sales. And yeah, storage will and or have points for you. But we only have 4 min left. And Fabio still needs to go. So you guys are gonna have to connect afterwards. So okay, Fabio, you're up, Jonathan. Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Hi, everybody snapshot reviews. Thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, so Jonathan's going to present with Fabio
Kevin Kaspar: at 3. If you have a hard stop you can step out. Neil and I will stay and keep giving feedback to Fabio, and you have a plan to go over to the future house. You can carpool together. I like how timely we are.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I'll try to be quick and so we did pretty much everything in the past few days, because we were refining our screening criteria before then. So if you can move on to the next slide.
Kevin Kaspar: Our screening criteria second slide, please. Thank you. Is, is really narrowing it down on a specific type of service that we figure is is going to be the customer facing service. So you know, we have distributed computing in the background. We had a lot of stuff that we can give a lot of tags to. But what customer actually uses
Kevin Kaspar: serverless computing. So that's a keyword, that. And and there are some services like Aws, Lambda, Google cloud functions, Microsoft azure data bricks, cloud functions. So we are looking for Ctos and also Ceos, because tech companies have. Ceos were pretty technical vps of engineering from startups who have either transitioned to a different service computing solution or adopted a new one
Kevin Kaspar: within the last few years. And then, like, we, we name a few a few services just to make sure we're talking about the same thing. Serverless computing and the executives must be the primary decision makers and and one important thing like we don't want them to utilize serverless computing to move data from one database or another, or do stuff that is not compute intensive. So I just made it clear that it needs to be a resource. Heavy computation.
Kevin Kaspar: such as AI or other stuff next slide, please.
Kevin Kaspar: So we. So we started doing something. We posted on Reddit, and we had pretty much the same experience, a lot of slack posts, but we found slack and discred pretty useful. I'm already in a few communities of geeks, so it was very, very easy to, you know. Just pop a message there, and people were receiving it pretty in a pretty good way, and I'll show you in the next slide. And then I I'm leveraging, leveraging my own connections.
Kevin Kaspar: I have a bunch of CTO friends that just made the the magic magic link on Linkedin with Ctos in my network. But I think I'm gonna need to expand it also to the other 2 categories, vps of engineering and Ceos. And yeah, I think like, we started very narrow. But we are expanding. And this is what we've done so far.
Kevin Kaspar: and what we have. Figure out
Kevin Kaspar: next slide, please.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, yeah, sorry. These are our outreach messages. But I think we can skip these because this is just how we actually manage to get into those.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, this is the 1st like
Kevin Kaspar: interview. It's not like a it's not a phone interview, but it's just like a beginning of of our journey. I I posted this just because you know, this guy like responded just a minute after I text him, and he was very, very helpful. This guy is the CTO of a Yc company, and they do AI applied to
Kevin Kaspar: shopping. Basically, it's called better basket. And he told me that you know they they didn't switch to cloud function because
Kevin Kaspar: quoted documentation was super fucked up. And they didn't. Actually, they didn't have such a big need of that, because their resources are pretty stable, whereas with cloud functions you can have spikes, and so they handle spikes better. So we got that inside. We also got the inside that
Kevin Kaspar: The cost was. The cost structure was very obscure. It was very hard to figure out how they got billed on Mac Microsoft azure, and I want to point out that what that was specifically on that product, maybe other products like, aws, lambda, I'll have more clear pricing structure next slide, please.
Kevin Kaspar: probably in in time. And then we posted. Yeah. And we got a lot of we got 1.7 K like visitors, and then we had, I think, 5 or 6 messages so far. And that was like last night. So we're still working on that. And one thing that we learned actually by talking to some of these people is that they?
Kevin Kaspar: They are interested in talking about this, but their companies are not in our range of one to 10 people. Their companies have 60
Kevin Kaspar: employees, because we just mentioned, you know, we're looking for a small startup. So we didn't mention the exact number. And I think that is, I mean, it's good that we didn't didn't mention the exact number, because opening up to a wider range is actually beneficial. We're figuring out that people outside our scope are actually using service computing for maybe not all of their workloads, but just a part of them.
Kevin Kaspar: And so this is has been very useful for us. Next slide, please.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I'll just go over the takeaways and and the challenges real quick. Takeaways. You know this. This is the 1st interview. So like they didn't switch in the end. So we have a lot of foot for thought on how we can. Make this anxiety and inertia
Kevin Kaspar: actually turn into a push in a pool so we can definitely turn this into
Kevin Kaspar: a new feature for our product, or just improving the way we market our product and and leveraging what these people are disgruntled about. And regarding the challenges. I didn't make a slide for that. But we are definitely.
Kevin Kaspar: we definitely need to understand what these customers are doing. So besides, the mere like emotional component. We need to figure out these specific functional motivations. Like, I think in these conversations, we will need to get a little bit into the nitty gritty of
Kevin Kaspar: why they adopted this solution instead of another. But from a technical point of view, like.
Kevin Kaspar: what like? What is this solving for you? Specifically,
Kevin Kaspar: relating to your use case.
Kevin Kaspar: and that that is like the challenge for us, cause
Kevin Kaspar: we might not be able to fully grasp. As we are working, you know, we're talking with people in AI media. Inversely, AI is like
Kevin Kaspar: financial trading powered by AI, so they might have some insights that are technical, but are strongly
Kevin Kaspar: tied to the reason why they would switch
Kevin Kaspar: which we might not grasp. So we yeah, I think that that's a challenge for us.
Kevin Kaspar: Is it too awesome?
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, sorry. I didn't have it in your slides
Kevin Kaspar: that you included the forces. You're one of the only people that are are showing their forces that you've identified. And I love that you're already thinking about product implications based on those forces. So that's awesome. That's where I'd like all of you to get on your Whatsapp. You are asking for people who are Ctos that are interested in serverless computing. We have one
Kevin Kaspar: real crafter, Sam Hewilick. He loves serverless computing. He's actually the CEO slash CTO. He does all the coding. So we'll make that intro for you.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, great! Okay, we'll get along composers. Oh, wow, yeah, I knew these guys would like, you guys can meet him, too, if you want he's from our 1st class in 2020. So absolutely just send me a ping on base camp.
Kevin Kaspar: He did a whole. I was computing. You can ask him to give you the talk
Kevin Kaspar: that that would be awesome also to learn like, technically, you know, from these guys. Thank you so much. I'm curious. If Jonathan wanted to add anything before we give feedback. Were you? Did you want to present? Or you're just doing the slides.
Jonathan Yezalaleul: I think he covered it pretty well. Just yeah. The insights that we were seeing were that
Jonathan Yezalaleul: there were larger companies as well as the people who had a lot of the insights
Jonathan Yezalaleul: also seem to be just like
Jonathan Yezalaleul: either just developers or like technical product managers and things like that. So maybe expanding our our screening criteria, something we could discuss. Going forward.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool. You guys did a great job, both of you. This is a really solid presentation. We have time for literally like one comment, I think, okay, or because we also have done. But I've dealt with them on the running. The AI containers level.
Kevin Kaspar: So you know, please talk to me because I hate so the state of service. I would love you to vent with me. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: like a good person to talk to about this, because I looked at many different products. I tried to drop them. And I mean, like at the end, I was just like, I'm I'm giving up. I'm just using an easy to instance that runs continuously.
Kevin Kaspar: That's great. I'll definitely hook you up later. Here
Kevin Kaspar: I have same comment like I did the entire serverless migration from Ec. 2 to serverless and previous to previous company. Okay, so I feel like
Kevin Kaspar: one thing which prompted that change was indeed it was a large organization or or
Kevin Kaspar: monthly aws burn at that time was close to like 250 k.
Kevin Kaspar: And like just a serverless migration exercise is like a huge switch. I think we started to say like around 50 K, because we were able to shut down
Kevin Kaspar: compute capacity. That was just like running dedicated. So I mean, similar to that. 60 like that would work would also talk to me like, because, like that one to 10, to a larger organization, because that's when actually compute costs, start to bite you.
Kevin Kaspar: because when you're running a 1 to 10 sort of scale the free tiers for a lot of these serverless computes. They are generally enough, and that's like people don't understand the pain.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, yeah, that's exactly what my friend was saying. It was like, you know, we don't even care too much about optimization at this stage, because we have fairly stable workloads. But yeah, still, the the customer size. For sure, I'm still like rooting for small startups, because I know they're gonna grow. And at some point they're gonna be like, oh, we need service computing. Now, there's quite nice.
Kevin Kaspar: So to Neil's point today, like, yeah, the small startups are don't have much money but they will in the future. So we we might try to go after, you know, both paths, maybe. Widening our range from one to 60 employees. As our initial target.
Kevin Kaspar: So follow up with both or and Nero, Nero.
Kevin Kaspar: and anyone else has feedback for Fabio. Go ahead and give it to him. Offline. Jonathan, thank you so much for joining us. Let's give a hand.
Jonathan Yezalaleul: That I could join by everybody.
Kevin Kaspar: Bye. Okay,
Kevin Kaspar: Next steps are, and I'll have to tell this to whoever has left. Only snapshot right? Next steps are. Next week. I'm going to give you the final jobs to be done workshop, which is part 4.
Kevin Kaspar: It's the synthesis. You guys won't be at that point yet, but I'm going to show you what you need to do and what you're aiming toward, and how to do it.
Kevin Kaspar: and then your presentations the next time you present with us will be in week, 6 after tech week, and that'll be the why before the why meaning like, that's the whole capstone you're trying to get to Neil showed you what it looked like for base camp and lantern to get to work.
Kevin Kaspar: What's really cool is we've invited or we're flying in one of our favorite alumni, who did extremely well with jobs to be done, Jake, from zest who we kind of talked about in a workshop. But we're going to show you his web before the Y as one of the main examples that you'll get. They'll be here to give you live feedback.
Kevin Kaspar: which has never happened before for a company or for our cohort. So it's going to be a really big deal. But we always use his as an example. So it's really cool that he'll also be here to give you guys feedback.
Kevin Kaspar: and he'll be doing workshops all day that day and the day before.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's what's gonna happen next week. I'll teach you how to do it. You're going to keep doing your interviews, and then you're going to synthesize. Once you've completed your round, and then you're going to present in week 6. The next steps here is like most of you should probably follow up via Vox in our little group chats with, like our team and your team that you have, and give us any sort of questions we can help. You thought partners with you and think through the things on an asynchronous format.
Kevin Kaspar: No
Kevin Kaspar: good job. This is really good. You guys are doing great.
Kevin Kaspar: Be proud of yourselves. Okay, next step
Kevin Kaspar: for tonight. No, I think just this is going to be like a chill vibe. It's going to be at a fun place. They're really excited to have us at future house, some of the staff from future house. Another startup is going to be there posting us, so make sure you also talk to those people, and the mentors are just excited to meet you.
Kevin Kaspar: Let's see, that's 1 of your eirs. And he's coming just to meet you guys.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, and
Kevin Kaspar: and I have.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, okay, yeah, we want to talk to you about driving for the retreat. So if Tutor me can stay back, that's it
Kevin Kaspar: be there by 4 30. That's when mentors are going to start arriving.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, cool.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like A, very, it's like a very good speak into American
Kevin Kaspar: like American Bro culture. But they're also like it's like. And also that's from like a long time ago that shows on like when I was in like high school and college. So yeah, but back in the day stuff, and also like.
Kevin Kaspar: yes, I'm so excited. Oh, good. Yeah, I'm so excited. Well, tell me what you think, and then we'll get you.
Kevin Kaspar: I'll I'll expand over. I am a total introvert, and I am so.